Font color and font background color throw error while having buttons in the main toolbar and the balloon toolbar (#15658)
ckeditor/ckeditor5: packages/ckeditor5-font/tests/manual/tickets/15580/1.md

## Font color and font background color throw error while having buttons in the main toolbar and the balloon toolbar [#8233](https://github.com/ckeditor/ckeditor5/pull/15658)

1. Select text, should appear balloon with font color button.
2. Click in the font color button and change color.

> 3. In console should no be any errors. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. There should be no errors in the console.
```
